His Royal Highness the Crown Prince is so ignorant and arrogant
Start writing without even thinking about it
Hmph, if you can write an article like this
That pig can also write articles
His Royal Highness
You want to be in the limelight too much
This genius can only be a seven-step poem
You blink and become a god
Hahaha
I'm afraid I have to smile generously, hahaha.
Mr. Fan, take a look
OK
Light up the sword
Dream back to blowing horns
Eight hundred miles of ash
It's not annoying
The autumn soldiers in the battlefield are strong and the enemy dragon is fast
Attack like a thunderbolt
End the king's affairs
Win the sage and I am transparent
Poor white hair
How is that possible?
There is such a masterpiece in the world
The child winks and writes such a masterpiece
I thought the prince was ignorant
I'm stupid
His Royal Highness
It's over.
Watch the king's affairs
Medical ethics before and after
Poor white hair
Well written
His Royal Highness the Crown Prince
Information His Royal Highness the Crown Prince's literary talent today
Caotang Baiguan
Not even a single hair of His Royal Highness the Crown Prince
That's impossible.
How could he write such a work?
Even Fang Xiaotu lost